README.md, before:

# hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui
[![repo standards badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/endpoint.svg?&style=flat&logo=github&url=https%3A%2F%2Foperations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fcompliant_public_repositories%2Fhmpps-book-a-video-link-ui)](https://operations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk/public-github-repositories.html#hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui "Link to report")
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ministryofjustice/hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ministryofjustice/hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui)

This front end service provides allows court and probation users to book and manage video link hearings/appointments with people in prison.

## Running the application locally

### Install the dependencies using npm:

`npm install`

### Build the service (package SCSS, JS)

`npm run build`

### Run the unit tests

`npm run test`

### To run against DEV dependencies (recommended)

Ensure you have a local .env file, with the following content:

```
INGRESS_URL=http://localhost:3000
REDIS_ENABLED=true
AUDIT_ENABLED=false
TOKEN_VERIFICATION_ENABLED=false
ENVIRONMENT_NAME=DEV

HMPPS_AUTH_URL=https://sign-in-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk/auth
HMPPS_AUTH_EXTERNAL_URL=https://sign-in-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk/auth
PRISONER_SEARCH_API_URL=https://prisoner-search-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
MANAGE_USERS_API_URL=https://manage-users-api-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk
BOOK_A_VIDEO_LINK_API_URL=https://book-a-video-link-api-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
TOKEN_VERIFICATION_API_URL=https://token-verification-api-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
USER_PREFERENCES_API_URL=https://hmpps-user-preferences-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk

API_CLIENT_ID=<obtain these from team members>
API_CLIENT_SECRET=<obtain these from team members>
SYSTEM_CLIENT_ID=<obtain these from team members>
SYSTEM_CLIENT_SECRET<obtain these from team members>
```

Start a local container for redis on its default port tcp/6379.

`docker-compose up -d`

Start the application locally.

`npm run start:dev`

Access the service in a browser locally on

`http://localhost:3000/`

### Feature switches

The service includes some optional features for new prisons to be enabled early but to disallow bookings for them.
This is so the room decoration features have access to the active prison's locations to configure permissions
and schedules prior to the go-live.

`FEATURE_GREY_RELEASE_PRISONS="BXI,FDI"`

Would prevent any courts or probation teams booking into either prison, but would allow these prisons to be 
set to active in the prisons table, and allow room decoration features to be used. The prison can be considered
active, but the external users can't book. 

When no prisons are on `grey release` then the environment variable should be set to null or not
set at all.

This environment variable can be set in a variety of ways:
 - The local .env file - for local running.
 - The values-xxx.yaml files - for deployment into other environments.
 - (The preferred way) in the Kubernetes secret `feature-toggles` which exists in all environments.

Other feature switches can exist, for temporarily enabling or disabling features under development.

### Dependencies

The app requires access to several services, but only requires a redis container running locally.
The rest of the dependencies can reference the DEV environment locations (recommended).

### Run lint

`npm run lint`

### Running integration tests

Start a local container for redis on its default port tcp/6379.

`docker compose up -d`

Run the service in test mode:

`npm run start-feature` (or `npm run start-feature:dev` to run with nodemon)

And then either run tests in headless mode with:

`npm run int-test`
 
Or run tests with the interactive Cypress UI:

`npm run int-test-ui`

## Dependency Checks

The template project has implemented some scheduled checks to ensure that key dependencies are kept up to date.
If these are not desired in the cloned project, remove references to `check_outdated` job from `.circleci/config.yml`

Commit message:

BAVL-968: Probation only prisons configuration (#253)

README.md, after:

# hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui
[![repo standards badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/endpoint.svg?&style=flat&logo=github&url=https%3A%2F%2Foperations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fcompliant_public_repositories%2Fhmpps-book-a-video-link-ui)](https://operations-engineering-reports.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk/public-github-repositories.html#hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui "Link to report")
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/ministryofjustice/hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/ministryofjustice/hmpps-book-a-video-link-ui)

This front end service provides allows court and probation users to book and manage video link hearings/appointments with people in prison.

## Running the application locally

### Install the dependencies using npm:

`npm install`

### Build the service (package SCSS, JS)

`npm run build`

### Run the unit tests

`npm run test`

### To run against DEV dependencies (recommended)

Ensure you have a local .env file, with the following content:

```
INGRESS_URL=http://localhost:3000
REDIS_ENABLED=true
AUDIT_ENABLED=false
TOKEN_VERIFICATION_ENABLED=false
ENVIRONMENT_NAME=DEV

HMPPS_AUTH_URL=https://sign-in-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk/auth
HMPPS_AUTH_EXTERNAL_URL=https://sign-in-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk/auth
PRISONER_SEARCH_API_URL=https://prisoner-search-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
MANAGE_USERS_API_URL=https://manage-users-api-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk
BOOK_A_VIDEO_LINK_API_URL=https://book-a-video-link-api-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
TOKEN_VERIFICATION_API_URL=https://token-verification-api-dev.prison.service.justice.gov.uk
USER_PREFERENCES_API_URL=https://hmpps-user-preferences-dev.hmpps.service.justice.gov.uk

API_CLIENT_ID=<obtain these from team members>
API_CLIENT_SECRET=<obtain these from team members>
SYSTEM_CLIENT_ID=<obtain these from team members>
SYSTEM_CLIENT_SECRET<obtain these from team members>
```

Start a local container for redis on its default port tcp/6379.

`docker-compose up -d`

Start the application locally.

`npm run start:dev`

Access the service in a browser locally on

`http://localhost:3000/`

### Feature switches

The service includes some optional features for new prisons to be enabled early but to disallow bookings for them.
This is so the room decoration features have access to the active prison's locations to configure permissions
and schedules prior to the go-live.

`FEATURE_GREY_RELEASE_PRISONS="BXI,FDI"`

Would prevent any courts or probation teams booking into either prison, but would allow these prisons to be 
set to active in the prisons table, and allow room decoration features to be used. The prison can be considered
active, but the external users can't book. 

When no prisons are on `grey release` then the environment variable should be set to null or not
set at all.

This environment variable can be set in a variety of ways:
 - The local .env file - for local running.
 - The feature.env file - to take effect for Cypress tests.
 - The values-xxx.yaml files - for deployment into other environments.
 - (The preferred way) in the Kubernetes secret `feature-toggles` which exists in all environments.

Other feature switches can exist, for temporarily enabling or disabling features under development.

`FEATURE_PROBATION_ONLY_PRISONS="BXI,FDI"`

Would prevent any courts from booking into either prison listed, but would allow these prisons to be
set to active in the prisons table, and allow room decoration features to be used. The prison can be considered
active, but only probation teams can book or view/amend bookings. Court users will not see bookings into these
prisons.

When no prisons are set in the `probation-only prisons` list, then the environment variable should be set to null or not
set at all.

This environment variable can be set in a variety of ways:
- The local .env file - for local running.
- The feature.env file - to take effect for Cypress tests.
- The values-xxx.yaml files - for deployment into other environments.
- (The preferred way) in the Kubernetes secret `feature-toggles` which exists in all environments.

Other feature switches can exist, for temporarily enabling or disabling features under development.



### Dependencies

The app requires access to several services, but only requires a redis container running locally.
The rest of the dependencies can reference the DEV environment locations (recommended).

### Run lint

`npm run lint`

### Running integration tests

Start a local container for redis on its default port tcp/6379.

`docker compose up -d`

Run the service in test mode:

`npm run start-feature` (or `npm run start-feature:dev` to run with nodemon)

And then either run tests in headless mode with:

`npm run int-test`
 
Or run tests with the interactive Cypress UI:

`npm run int-test-ui`

## Dependency Checks

The template project has implemented some scheduled checks to ensure that key dependencies are kept up to date.
If these are not desired in the cloned project, remove references to `check_outdated` job from `.circleci/config.yml`
